possibility of a second special session
we'll have to wait and see they don't
have a lot of time they have they're
coming in august the third which will be
next Monday and they have eight days to
work so they're going to work very
quickly I see glimmers from hopeless
makes me on the house side I see
glimmers of hope that we can get this
worked out we'll have to wait and see
what happens there because all a revenue
build start in the house and then we'll
see how the Senate react if they don't
solve it will come back what's your
response to I don't March and even the
porch drinking yes their personal the
Porsche Creek Indians are being very
disingenuous I have never as governor
have been offered 250 million dollars to
solve our problem first of all we can't
take that lady that be alone we can't
take a long so that they're being
disingenuous I wish they'd take the ads
off the air because they're really not
helping the situation gambling gambling
is not the gambling is not the answer
because there is no plan out their
related to gambling that will put one
single penny in our 2016 budget and that
starts October the first in regards to
the BP settlement and the 1 billion
dollars going to the general state five
presidents in South Alabama disagree
with the state keeping that much money
not at all in fact I negotiated that
that is because of loss of money for all
the state of Alabama not just for those
two counties they negotiated their loss
of money as cities and counties and
individuals they negotiated with VP just
like I negotiated with BP now had we
taken while the last administration
tried to negotiate which was 148 million
dollars they wouldn't be arguing over
over the money but what I negotiated was
a million dollars and I we told the
judge that we would not take less than a
B but I would not his government and so
we were able to get a billion dollars
for the entire state of Alabama because
of losses that occur because of the BP
oil spill now look well those two
counties benefit from that yes they're
part of the state but so will Madison
County and so all the other counties in
the state of Alabama and my goal is to
use this money to pay off debts that's
my goal governor one more question
governor today some state employees in
the courthouse who well they're not
state employees that paid by the clerk's
fun
for three years they've been paid out of
the clerks but they have some questions
how do you justify Montgomery advertiser
nine million dollars spent on video six
2009 I'm sorry now media dollar spent on
bingo since 2009 seventeen thousand a
month for warehouse storage and they
will not have a job come October how you
justify spending that much money on the
bingo but not funding the court system
well I think you're talking about apples
and oranges here now since I've been
governor have we had to store some of
the some of the Machine 17,000 will yes
we've had to do that but I have not been
involved in hiring attorneys outside
attorneys since I've been going since
you've been going to the states spend
over three million dollars on that well
I'll have to look at that I'm not sure
exactly how much how much we have spent
so the kinetics and not an impressive
I'm sorry look at move that down so i
can see you mouth look at you look it
down and send out a response about it
yes but let me say this if we will pass
a reasonable budget that i won't pass
right now we're going to be able to fund
the courts and i truly believe we need
to fund the course and i'm far funding
the courts and it's not fair it's not
fair that our clerks are being laid off
and then that we can't fund our court
system we need to find our court system
and that's why i'm pushing for a
reasonable tax package to fund the
things that are necessary in this state
to take care of the people of this state
and so what if they will look at my
package and if the legislation will pass
what we are asking them to pass we're
going to be able to find the cause if
you'd let the people vote on the issue
that you say when you first ran for
governor you'd put
money on it too where does okay thank
you guys no comment well I'm not gonna
come in you know I I I don't decide
whether they vote on it or not the
legislature decides but you won't let
him in special session no no I did not
man that tell my bingo yes I did not
been that that's how the six percent
boat anyway they have to have they have
to have a 60-percent vote on any
constitutional members I did not but
that that was not part of my painting
gamma not bingo the problem I have with
you let's go sir Bob's BBQ you said you
were the people vote by any block them I
have ever I have never gone alright okay
alright that's enough anybody else
where's the money for the the money has
to come from